Query feature table (#115)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-samples: query-feature-table/README.md

# Query feature table

Find features in a feature table which match an SQL query.

![Image of query feature table](query-feature-table.png)

## Use case

Query expressions can be used in ArcGIS to select a subset of features from a feature table. This is most useful in large or complicated data sets. A possible use case might be on a feature table marking the location of street furniture through a city. A user may wish to query by a TYPE column to return "benches". In this sample, we query a U.S. state by STATE_NAME from a feature table containing all U.S. states.

## How to use the sample

> Input the name of a U.S. state into the text field. When you tap "GO", a query is performed and the matching features are highlighted or an error is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input the name of a U.S. state into the text field. When you click the `search icon` on the device keypad, a query is performed and the matching features are highlighted or an error is returned.
```
